# SIH2020
 From what i have understood, we don't need to fetch details about normal airport projects as we were thinking previously and were taking even construction of Airports into account.
        We need to work on projects related to airport Licensing. Parse the scattered data(from emails,SAP etc.) about **Licensing** into one portal dynamically and then upload that on the blockchain.
        
**Airport Licensing**
There are many aerodromes(small airports) in India which is being developed gradually over a period of time. Once the airports have been upgraded in terms of the runway and associated facilities on the need basis, it is decided to provide the license to the airport. But there are many international and domestic airports. 
                                                                                                                                                     **In view of the large number of aerodromes to be licensed, a phased approach was taken by the regulator i.e. DGCA of India, wherein priority was given to licensing the international aerodromes in the first phase. In the subsequent phase, licensing of aerodromes other than international aerodromes has been taken. To deal with the challenge of licensing of AAI aerodromes, a separate Aerodrome Licensing Directorate has been established in AAI. Aerodrome Licensing Directorate ensured licensing of all AAI International, Customs and other domestic airports where schedule aircraft operations take place by guiding the field stations and liasioning with DGCA. Most challenging task for the Directorate was to license RCS airports operated and managed by AAI**
                                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                                     
